Andrew
came to pass in the days of amraphel
king of shinar arioch king of ellasar
Carolee oma king of elam and tidal king
of nations that they made war with
Pyrrha king of soul beitia
king of gomorrah china king of admah
sameba king of zeboiim and the king of
bela that is ZOA all these joined
together in the valley of Siddim that is
the salt sea 12 years they served
carolien and in the thirteenth year they
rebelled in the fourteenth year
Carolee OMA and the kings that were with
him came and attacked the reef am in
Ashtaroth can name the susan in ham the
Eamon in shaver carry a fame and the
writes in their mountain of seer
as far as elk Peyron which is by the
wilderness then they turned back and
came to an mishpat that is Kalish and
attacked all the country of the
Amalekites and also the amorite s-- who
dwelt in has a son tamer and the king of
sodom the king of gomorrah the king of
admah the king of zeboiim and the king
of bela that is ZOA went out and joined
together in battle in the valley of
Siddim against cairo glioma king of Elam
tidal king of nations amraphel king of
shinar and arioch king of ellasar four
kings against five
now the valley of Siddim was full of
asphalt pits
and the kings of Sodom and Gomorrah fled
some fell there and the remainder fled
to the mountains then they took all the
goods of sodom and gomorrah and all
their provisions and went their way they
also took lot Abrams brothers son who
dwelt in Sodom and his Goods and
departed then one who had escaped came
and told Abram the Hebrew for he dwelt
by the terebinth trees of Mamre the
Amorite brother of ESCO and brother of
Amon and they were allies with Abram now
when Abram heard that his brother was
taken captive he armed his 318 trained
servants who were born in his own house
and went in pursuit
as far as Dan he divided his forces
against them by night and he and his
servants attacked them and pursued them
as far as Hoeber which is north of
Damascus
so he brought back all the goods and
also brought back his brother lot and
his goods as well as the women and the
people and the king of Sodom went out to
meet him at the valley of shaveh that is
the Kings Valley after his return from
the defeat of Cairo glioma and the Kings
who were with him then Melchizedek king
of Salem brought out bread and wine he
was the priest of God Most High and He
blessed him blessed be Abram of God Most
High possessor of heaven and earth and
blessed be God Most High who has
delivered your enemies into your hand
and he gave him a tithes of all now the
king of Sodom said to Abram give me the
persons and take the goods for yourself
but Abram said to the king of Sodom I
have raised my hand
the Lord God Most High the possessor of
heaven and earth that I will take
nothing from a thread to a sandal strap
and that I will not take anything that
is yours lest you should say I have made
abram rich except only with the young
men of Eden and the portion of the men
who went with me
Ishq on the memory let them take their
portion